Why did the second uncle put this book in the secret room?
Father has eaten
Thank you for not coming. I forgot.
What were you looking at just now?
A book oh yes
In the afternoon, I will go shopping with Qin Yue.
Do you want to be together
Shopping
When did they get along?
You can only buy it if you can go out together.
Oh, dear.
Sure enough, women's brain circuits are Qingqi
I'm not going to go this afternoon
Farewell husband, come with us, okay?
Well, why don't you let me go first and let's talk
Husband, are you afraid?
How is that possible?
Then why don't you dare to look at me?
Brother, I found it.
Senior sister
You came at the end of the Qing Dynasty, and I was just about to find you.
Since the husband has something to do, the concubine will retire first.
Did I just come at a bad time?
You came just in time.
By the way, what were you going to say when you just walked in the door?
Oh, by the way, the case that Hedong handled
I've suddenly found out
So soon? Hmm?
This matter is indeed related to the Sun family
I suddenly saw the dossier
It said that he reported Hedong to do something
The imitator is Sun Li
It's just that there's something else going on.
The person who reported it was Sun Li.
But what was my father sent to raid the house?